#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements.txt --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.9.0
    # via gcsfs
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.1.0
    # via great-expectations
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
boundary-layer @ git+https://github.com/jdimatteo/boundary-layer.git@2f109eb7b81170e29a337ebf659cd6f3bb6fb59a
    # via -r requirements.in
./boundary_layer_plugin
    # via -r requirements.in
build==0.9.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   great-expectations
    #   pip-tools
    #   xport
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
db-dtypes==1.0.5
    # via pandas-gbq
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   gspread-pandas
    #   ipython
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via pygithub
dominate==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-wtf
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.11.0
    # via gcsfs
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   pybigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
gcsfs==2022.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.37
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-api-python-client==2.70.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.15.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   gspread
    #   gspread-pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.8.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   gspread
    #   gspread-pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.2.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.2.4
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pybigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-kms==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-logging==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-monitoring==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.18.4
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.4.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
great-expectations==0.13.39
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.0
    # via gevent
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.4
    # via
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.53.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.51.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
gspread==5.7.2
    # via gspread-pandas
gspread-pandas==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.13.0
    # via
    #   boundary-layer
    #   great-expectations
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.19.4
    # via ipywidgets
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.0.3
    # via great-expectations
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   boundary-layer
    #   flask
    #   great-expectations
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via great-expectations
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   boundary-layer
    #   great-expectations
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.1.0
    # via jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.4
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   boundary-layer
    #   jinja2
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via boundary-layer
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.3
    # via great-expectations
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
networkx==2.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boundary-layer
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   db-dtypes
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   build
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ipykernel
    #   pytest
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   db-dtypes
    #   great-expectations
    #   gspread-pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   xport
pandas-gbq==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.6.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.22.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==4.21.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-kms
    #   google-cloud-monitoring
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via pytest-benchmark
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pybigquery==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydata-google-auth==1.4.0
    # via pandas-gbq
pydevd-pycharm==232.9559.58
    # via -r requirements.in
pygithub==1.53
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.15.0
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via pygithub
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pytest==7.2.0
    # via pytest-benchmark
pytest-benchmark==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-http-client==3.3.7
    # via sendgrid
pytz==2022.7
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boundary-layer
    #   xport
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   great-expectations
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.17
    # via great-expectations
saspy==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.10.0
    # via great-expectations
semver==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boundary-layer
sendgrid==6.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   boundary-layer
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sqlalchemy==1.3.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pybigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
sqlalchemy-bigquery==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starkbank-ecdsa==2.2.0
    # via sendgrid
termcolor==2.1.1
    # via great-expectations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via great-expectations
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
tzlocal==3.0
    # via great-expectations
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via flask
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.4
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via flask-wtf
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via boundary-layer
xport==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.8.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==4.6
    # via gevent
zope-interface==5.5.2
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==23.3
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==67.6.1
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pip-tools
    #   pydata-google-auth
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
